Renesas R-Car: Add PWM driver (#42728)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/rcar_h3ulcb/doc/rcar_h3ulcb.rst

Embedded I2C devices and I/O expanders are not yet supported. The current I2C support therefore does not make any devices available to the user at this time.

PWM
---

ULCB boards provide one PWM controller with a maximum of 7 channels [0..6]. H3ULCB does provide the pwm0 from test pin CP8 only.

> The Kingfisher daughter board is providing the pwm4 channel on the LVDS CN7 connector. Then LVDS backlight could be supported with this PWM driver on Kingfisher through 4th channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When plugged on a Kingfisher daughter board, pwm4 channel is available on CN7 LVDS connector.
```

Author: Your proposal is easier to understand. Agreed.
